SPLUNK BETA SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS BETA SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT (THE "AGREEMENT") GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THE
BETA SOFTWARE (DEFINED BELOW) PROVIDED BY SPLUNK INC., AND/OR ITS AFFILIATES
("SPLUNK"). YOU WILL BE REQUIRED TO INDICATE YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS AGREEMENT
IN ORDER TO ACCESS OR DOWNLOAD THE BETA SOFTWARE OR TO COMPLETE THE
INSTALLATION PROCESS FOR THE BETA SOFTWARE.  BY CLICKING ON THE "YES" OR "I
ACCEPT" BUTTON (OR OTHER BUTTON OR MECHANISM DESIGNED TO ACKNOLWEDGE AGREEMENT
TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT), OR BY DOWNLOADING, ACCESSING OR INSTALLING
THE BETA SOFTWARE, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.

IF YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF A BUSINESS, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT
THAT YOU HAVE THE POWER AND AUTHORITY TO BIND THAT BUSINESS TO THIS AGREEMENT,
AND YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS WILL BE TREATED AS THE AGREEMENT OF THE
BUSINESS.  IN THAT EVENT, "YOU" AND "YOUR" REFER HEREIN TO THAT BUSINESS.

IF YOU ARE UNWILLING TO AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR YOU DO NOT HAVE THE RIGHT,
POWER AND AUTHORITY TO ACT ON BEHALF OF AND BIND YOUR BUSINESS, DO NOT CLICK
ON THE BUTTON AND DO NOT INSTALL, DOWNLOAD, ACCESS, OR OTHERWISE USE THE BETA
SOFTWARE AND CANCEL THE LOADING OF THE BETA SOFTWARE.

1.	DEFINITIONS.

"Beta Software" means the pre-release version of the Splunk product, service,
technology identified on the software download page or landing page (the
"Cover Page"), whether labeled as alpha, beta, pre-release, preview or
otherwise, provided to you by Splunk under this Agreement.  Beta Software may
include any enhancements, updates, upgrades, derivatives or bug fixes to such
product, service or technology and any documentation or hardware devices as
provided by Splunk.

"Feedback" means all suggestions, comments, opinions, code, input, ideas,
reports, information, know-how or other feedback provided by you (whether in
oral, electronoic or written form) to Splunk in connection with your use of
the Beta Software.  Feedback does not include any data, results or output
created or generated by you using the Beta Software, unlesss submitted or
communicated by you to Splunk.

"Internal Purposes" means internal business use with your systems, networks,
devices and data for the purposes of internal testing and evaluation of the
Beta Software in order to provide Feedback to Splunk regarding the Beta
Software.  Such use does not include use of your systems, networks or devices
as part of services you provide for a third party's benefit.

2.	BETA SOFTWARE LICENSE.   Subject to your compliance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement,  Splunk grants you a nonexclusive,
nonsublicenseable, nontransferable, revocable, limited license during the term
of the Agreement to use a single copy of the Beta Software at your principal
office in a secure location, only in connection with and solely for the
Internal Purposes.

3.	LICENSE RESTRICTIONS.  Except as expressly authorized in this Agreement
or by Splunk, you will not, and will not permit any third party to: (i) access
or use the Beta Software for any other purposes than the Internal Purposes
(including for any competitive analysis, commercial, professional, or other
for-profit purposes); (ii) copy the Beta Software (except as required to run
the Beta Software and for reasonable backup purposes); (iii) modify, adapt, or
create derivative works of the Beta Software; (iv) rent, lease, loan, resell,
transfer, sublicense or distribute the Beta Software to any third party; (v)
use or offer any functionality of the Beta Software on a service provider,
service bureau, hosted, software as a service, or time sharing basis; (vi)
decompile, disassemble or reverse-engineer the Beta Software or otherwise
attempt to derive the Beta Software source code, algorithms, methods or
techniques used or embodied in the Beta Software; (vii) disclose to any third
party the results of any benchmark tests or other evaluation of the Beta
Software, or (viii) remove, alter, obscure, cover or change any trademark,
copyright or other proprietary notices, labels or markings from or on the Beta
Software.  Any consultant, contractor, or agent hired to perform services for
you may operate the Beta Software on your behalf under these terms and
conditions, provided that: (a) you are responsible for ensuring that any such
third party agrees to abide by and fully comply with the terms of this
Agreement on the same basis as applicable to you; (b) such use is only in
connection with your Internal Purposes; (c) such use does not represent or
constitute an increase in the scope of the licenses provided hereunder; and
(d) you remain fully liable for any and all acts or omissions by such third
parties related to this Agreement. Any violation of this Section shall be a
material breach of this Agreement subject to immediate termination of this
Agreement for which no notice from Splunk shall be required.

4.	CONFIDENTIALITY.  You agree to hold the Beta Software (including all
intellectual property rights therein, such as any patents, inventions,
copyrights, design rights, trade secrets and know-how) and any related
information ("Confidential Information"), whether in oral or written form,
confidential. Confidential Information may include information relating to
features, functionalities, improvements, code, pricing, business strategies,
product roadmaps, development plans, marketing materials, data sets, customer
lists or other proprietary third-party information.  You will hold such
Confidential Information in strict confidence and not use or disclose the
Confidential Information, in whole or in part, except as expressly permitted
in this Agreement.  You may disclose Confidential Information to your
employees, but only to the extent they have a need to know to test the Beta
Software and you have advised them that such information is Confidential.  You
agree to instruct any such employees in advance who will have access to the
Beta Software that they must comply with the restrictions set forth in this
Agreement.  You shall have no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of
any information which: (a) is or becomes publicly available without breach of
this Agreement; (b) is rightfully received by you from a third party without
an obligation of confidentiality and without breach of this Agreement; (c) is
developed independently by you without access to or use of the Confidential
Information; or (d) has been approved for release by written authorization of
the party that owns the Confidential Information.  You will notify immediately
upon discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidntial
Information or oany other breach of this Agreement by you or your personnel,
and will cooperate with Splunk in every reasonable way to help Splunk regain
possession of the Confidential Information and prevent its further
unauthorized use or disclosure.  You acknowledge that any breach of its
obligations under this Agreement with respect to the proprietary rights or
Confidential Information will cause Splunk irreparable injury for which there
are inadequate remedies at law, and therefore, Splunk will be entitled to
equitable relief in addition to all other remedies provided by this Agreement
or available at law or in equity.

5.	TERM AND TERMINATION.   This Agreement will be effective from the
earlier of (a) the date it is accepted by you and (b) the date on which you
first installed, downloaded or accessed a copy of the Beta Software and shall
continue until terminated. This Agreement may be terminated at any time by
either party, with or without cause, effective upon notice of termination. 
This Agreement will terminate automatically upon the end of the Beta Software
project as identified on the Cover Page or upon commerial release (if any) of
the Beta Software, whichever is earlier. This is time-senstive software, so it
will stop functioning on the termination date. Upon termination, you will
immediately cease all use of the Beta Software and destroy the Beta Software,
or upon request by Splunk, return to Splunk the Beta Software and other
Confidential Information that are in your possession or control.  Upon
Splunkâ€™s request, you will certify in writing that you have returned or
destroyed all copies of the Beta Software and Confidential Information. 
Sections 1, 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 14, and 15 will survive termination of this
Agreement.

6.	OWNERSHIP.   Splunk, its suppliers and/or its licensors own all
worldwide right, title and interest in and to the Beta Software, including all
worldwide patent rights (including patent applications and disclosures);
copyright rights (including copyrights, copyright registration and copy rights
with respect to computer software, software design, software code, software
architecture, firmware, programming tools, graphic user interfaces, reports,
dashboard, business rules, use cases, screens, alerts, notifications,
drawings, specifications and databases); moral rights; trade secrets and other
rights with respect to confidential or proprietary information; know-how;
other rights with respect to inventions, discoveries, ideas, improvements,
techniques, formulae, algorithms, processes, schematics, testing procedures,
technical information and other technology; and any other intellectual and
industrial property rights, whether or not subject to registration or
protection; and all rights under any license or other arrangement with respect
to the foregoing. Except as expressly stated in this Agreement, Splunk does
not grant you any intellectual property rights in the Beta Software, and all
right, title, and interest in and to all copies of the Beta Software not
expressly granted remain with Splunk, its suppliers and/or its licensors. The
Beta Software is copyrighted and protected by the laws of the United States
and other countries, and international treaty provisions.  You acknowledge
that the Beta Software is licensed and not sold.

7.	FEEDBACK.  Splunk, in its sole discretion, may or may not respond to
your Feedback or promise to address all your Feedback in the development of
future features or functionalities of the Beta Software or any related or
subsequent versions of such Beta Software.  In the event Splunk uses your
Feedback, you grant Splunk an unrestricted, perpetual, worldwide, exclusive,
transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable, royalty-free, fully
paid-up license to use, copy, modify, create derivative works of, make, have
made, distribute (through multiple tiers of distribution), publicly perform or
display, import, export, sell, offer to sell, rent, or license copies of the
Feedback as part of or in connection with any Splunk product, service,
technology, content, material, specification or documentation.  You warrant
that the Feedback does not infringe any copyright or trade secret of any third
party, and that you have no knowledge of any patent of any third party that
may be infringed by the Feedback (including any implementation thereof
recommended by you).  You further warrant that your Feedback is not subject to
any license terms that would purport to require Splunk to comply with any
additional obligations with respect to any Splunk product or service that
incorporates your Feedback.

8.	WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.  THE BETA SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS".   SPLUNK
DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, QUIET ENJOYMENT AND WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE
OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE OR BY STATUTE OR IN LAW.  SPLUNK SPECIFICALLY
DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE BETA SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THE
OPERATION OR OUTPUT OF THE BETA SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR-FREE, ACCURATE,
RELIABLE, COMPLETE OR UNINTERRUPTED.  Splunk is not obligated to support,
update or upgrade the Beta Software.

9.	NO RELIANCE.  Splunk has no obligations about any forward-looking
statements made in connection with or in the course of providing the Beta
Software. Forward-looking statements are statements regarding future Splunk
events, product offerings, product performance, customer uses or the expected
financial performance of Splunk.  Any such statements reflect current
expectations and estimates based on factors currently known and that actual
events or results could differ materially.  Splunk does not assume any
obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during the Beta
Software project.  In addition, any information about our roadmap outlines our
general product direction and is subject to change at any time without notice.
 It is for informational purposes only and shall not be incorporated into this
Agreement or any contract or other commitment.  Splunk undertakes no
obligation either to develop the features or functionality described in the
forward-looking statement or to include any such feature or functionality in a
future release, including those you are reviewing as a part of this Beta
Software.  You expressly acknowledge that the Beta Software has not been fully
tested and may contain defects or deficiencies which may not be corrected by
Splunk, that the Beta Software may undergo significant changes prior to
release of the corresponding generally available final version.

10.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  SPLUNK'S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU,
FROM ALL CAUSES OF ACTION AND ALL THEORIES OF LIABILITY, WILL BE LIMITED TO
AND WILL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100.00).  IN NO EVENT WILL SPLUNK BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR
COSTS OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE BETA SOFTWARE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE BETA SOFTWARE, WHETHER
SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT SPLUNK HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. THE PARTIES HAVE AGREED THAT THESE
LIMITATIONS WILL SURVIVE AND APPLY EVEN IF ANY REMEDY IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED
OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, SPLUNK WILL HAVE NO
LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF DATA
ARISING FROM THE AUTOMATIC TERMINATION OF THE LICENSE RIGHTS GRANTED HEREIN
AND ANY ASSOCIATED CESSATION OF THE BETA SOFTWARE FUNCTIONS.  BECAUSE SOME
STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL
OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

11.	PRIVACY.  You acknowledge that Splunk and its providers may obtain
certain information and data from you (including, without limitation, personal
information) in connection with your use of the Beta Software, including,
without limitation, information and data provided in connection with
registration, activation, updating, authentication, monitoring installation of
and access to the Beta Software. You hereby consent to Splunk and its
providers maintaining, using, storing and disclosing such information and data
(including, without limitation, personal information, if any) in conformity
with Splunk Privacy Policy, which may be updated from time to time.

12.	EXPORT.  You will comply fully with all relevant export laws and
regulations of the United States and any other country ("Export Laws") where
you use any of the Beta Software. You represent and warrant that you are not
(a) located in, or a resident or a national of, a restricted country; or (b)
on any of the relevant U.S. Government Lists of prohibited persons, including
but not limited to the Treasury Departmentâ€™s List of Specially Designated
Nationals and the Commerce Departmentâ€™s List of Denied Persons or Entity List.
 You further represent and warrant that you shall not export, re-export, ship,
transfer the Beta Software to any restricted countries or restricted end users
or use the Beta Software in any restricted countries or for any purposes
prohibited by the Export Laws, including, but not limited to, nuclear,
chemical, missile or biological weapons related end uses.  You understand that
the requirements and restrictions of the Export Laws may vary depending on the
specific Beta Software and may change over time, and that, to determine the
precise controls applicable to the Beta Software, it is necessary to refer to
the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and the U.S. Department of
Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulations.

13.	GOVERNMENT END USER RIGHTS.  You acknowledge that all Beta Software and
Confidential Information were developed entirely at private expense and that
no part of the Beta Software or Confidential Information was first produced in
the performance of a Government contract.  You agree that the Beta Software
and any derivatives thereof are "commercial items" as defined in 48 C.F.R.
2.101, and if you are a U.S. Government agency or instrumentality or if you
are providing all or any part of the Beta Software or any derivatives thereof
to the U.S. Government, such use, duplication, reproduction, release,
modification, disclosure or transfer of this commercial product and data, is
restricted in accordance with 48 C.F.R. Â§12.211, 48 C.F.R. Â§12.212, 48 C.F.R.
Â§227.7102-2, and 48 C.F.R. Â§227.7202, as applicable.  Consistent with 48
C.F.R. Â§12.211, 48 C.F.R. Â§12.212, 48 C.F.R. Â§227.7102-1 through 48 C.F.R.
Â§227.7102-3, and 48 C.F.R. Â§Â§227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the
Beta Software is licensed to U.S. Government end users (i) only as Commercial
Items and (ii) with only those rights as are granted to all other users
pursuant to this Agreement and any related agreement(s), as applicable. 
Accordingly, you will have no rights in the Beta Software except as expressly
agreed to in writing by you and Splunk.

14.	CHOICE OF LAW AND DISPUTES.  For other than the U.S. Government as a
party, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of California, as if performed wholly within the state
and without giving effect to the principles of conflict of law rules of any
jurisdiction or the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.
Any legal action or proceeding arising under this Agreement will be brought
exclusively in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco,
California and the parties hereby consent to personal jurisdiction and venue
therein.

15.	GENERAL.  All notices required or permitted under this Agreement hereto
will be in writing and delivered in person, by confirmed facsimile
transmission, by overnight delivery service, or by registered or certified
mail, postage prepaid with return receipt requested, and in each instance will
be deemed given upon receipt. You may not assign, delegate or transfer this
Agreement, in whole or in part, by agreement, operation of law or otherwise.
You acknowledge that Splunk may assign, subcontract or delegate any of its
rights or obligations under this Agreement. Any attempt to assign this
Agreement other than as permitted herein shall be null and void.  Subject to
the foregoing, this Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of the
partiesâ€™ permitted successors and assigns.  This Agreement along with any
additional terms incorporated herein by reference constitute the complete and
exclusive understanding and agreement between the parties relating only to the
subject matter of the Beta Software and Confidnential Information and shall
supersede any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and
understandings, written or oral, relating to such subject matter. This
Agreement is limited to the use of Beta Software and Confidential Information
and as such, this Agreement is separate from and shall have no effect on any
other agreement you may have with Splunk.  Any waiver, modification or
amendment of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if in
writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of both parties.  All
rights and remedies, whether conferred hereunder or by any other instrument or
law, will be cumulative and may be exercised singularly or concurrently. The
failure by either party to enforce any provisions of this Agreement will not
constitute a waiver of any other right hereunder or of any subsequent
enforcement of that or any other provisions. The terms and conditions stated
herein are declared to be severable. If a court of competent jurisdiction
holds any provision of this Agreement invalid or unenforceable, the remaining
provisions of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect, and the
provision affected will be construed so as to be enforceable to the maximum
extent permissible by law.
